Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You about to be my bitch.
-Say it.
-[shouting] I'm your bitch!
-[Felicia] Jules told me to beat her ass.
-[Mallory] Jules?
Jules is our pimp.
[Angel] You know. you got me
running scared for a long time.
But the position I'm in right now…
♪ I got the power ♪
-Angel's in jail.
-What? Wh… Why?
[Alex] He went down
for the car that you stole.
-Look. he's… he's gonna be killed.
-What?
-[guns firing]
-[people screaming]
[tires screeching]
[dramatic sting]
[crowd screaming. clamoring]
[somber music playing]
[camera clicking]
[tires screeching]
[sirens wailing]
[cell phone rings]
Sir?
[shuddering] Did you stop it?
Did you fucking stop it?
I'm on with my contact right now.
[sighs]
Trackson. is it done?
It's done.
Yeah.
Shit.
What?
Was I not supposed to do it?
Sir.
Yes?
Sorry. it's done.
And you did this for Daniel?
Yes.
That's what you asked me to do.
Shit.
Who… Who the fuck arrested him?
We did.
And you didn't tell me?
Well. I wasn't sure that you wanted--
Are you able to secure
the operation. Jules?
Sir?
I have no fucking confidence
in you at all.
Sir. look. I'm sorry.
[breathing shakily]
You don't know sorry. but you will.
Sir. how can I make this up to you?
-[scoffs] Fuck off.
-[Jules] Sir--
Shit.
[coughing]
What happened?
All this shit is out of control
is what happened.
[Jules sighs]
What do you need me to do?
I gotta go talk to Mallory.
then go to the club and get it open.
Shit.
[ominous music playing]
[ambient office noise]
Hi.
[music stops]
You wanna tell me what I don't know?
[tense music playing]
What don't you know?
Is Roy involved?
I don't know what you talking about.
[chuckles] Okay. so you gonna play games.
I'm not playing any games.
Jules. if you gonna blackmail.
lie. cheat. and scheme.
then you better know
that the people you're doing it to
will turn on you for a higher buck.
Is that what you think?
[inhales deeply] All right. nigga.
you wanna play stupid.
You're laundering money through the club.
and you trafficking all the folks
you have there.
including Gillian and Calvin.
and also Kimmie.
Now Horace has outsmarted our asses.
and he has all the cards.
and you gonna stand there looking smug
and play me like a motherfucking fool.
I know I'm beautiful.
but don't take me as stupid.
I'm gonna ask your ass again.
[shouting] Is Roy involved?
How could he be?
You gonna ask a question with a question?
Mallory. the less you know. the better.
See. that's where you wrong.
The more I know.
the more I can get ahead of this.
So Felicia told you all this?
And I don't want her hurt.
-Shit.
-No. I need her. with her stupid ass.
She told you. she'll tell someone else.
Jules. we both know these hos ain't loyal.
I'll handle it.
You'd be stupid to put the light out
on the only true insight
I have in the club.
She's dangerous.
For you. not for me.
I don't want her touched.
Is that it?
'Cause I've already had
a long day already.
What the fuck do I care
about your long day?
[dramatic sting]
[music fades]
[door opens]
[footsteps approaching]
[ambient hospital noise]
[tense music building]
What the fuck are you doing here?
I came to see how you're doin'.
Nigga. get out.
Come on. Horace. man. We're brothers.
Only by blood.
More than that.
I'm darned.
and I don't mind taking you with me.
You need to get out of here.
Horace. look.
just give me a second and I'll go.
[Horace sighs]
Look. I hate to see you like this. man.
[scoffs]
Should I laugh now or when you leave?
I know you can't take it.
Take what?
Bearing the thought
that I've always looked up to you.
Did you know?
Look. don't make me say it. man.
You know that you were always
Father's favorite. He doted on you.
while I couldn't do shit right.
Not in ball. not in school.
not… not in business.
But you… you… you nailed that.
He…
loved you.
Like when you broke
that Venetian stained glass in his office.
I took the fall for that.
He punished me for months.
Or like the time
when you scratched his car
and didn't say a word about it.
He blamed me for it.
I never said nothing about it.
I thought you would say something.
but you never did.
Is that why you're here?
I'm here because you're dying.
and my wife is dead.
Why do we keep doing this. man?
Why do we keep fightin'?
Why do we do this?
You don't know why we keep fighting?
No. we're brothers.
[scoffs]
[coughing]
Okay.
How about…
How about you and Olivia having an affair?
Hm?
[tense music playing]
I'm sorry. man. That was so long ago.
-It was--
-Right under my nose.
Or how about you. uh.
trying to take the company from me?
Oh. that's bullshit.
That's bullshit.
You tried to take the company from me.
Man. I had to take your ass to court
and sue you. and I won in court.
And what about the way
you were always trying to hold
this kind of shit over my head?
How about that?
[breathing heavily] The guilt trip
that… that you would run on me
'cause Father was a motherfucker.
And I know. yeah. you're right.
He hated your ass.
But you know who's just like him?
You.
Yeah.
Me.
I hate yo ass.
You ain't no brother to me.
You're like a thorn in my skin.
And you're evil.
Think this was gonna make a difference.
you coming here with this bullshit?
[scoffs]
Yeah.
I was hoping to God it would.
Nah. nigga.
I'm gonna be evil till the day I die.
[chuckling]
What the fuck was I thinking. man?
With you facing your end. I thought
that you would have a change of heart.
[chuckles softly]
Facing my end
has made me realize
that I don't have a heart.
You did.
You used to.
Stop with the bullshit.
You know I know. don't you?
What?
About you and Jules…
laundering money through the club.
Yeah.
I know it all.
And I'm enjoying
knowing about all your crimes.
-I don't know what you talking about.
-Yeah. you do.
It's all the felonies.
Which means. my brother.
you are fucked.
All your shares are gone.
and you are gonna be convicted.
Horace. let me say somethin' to you.
Don't you even try it.
[chuckling] Just stop. Just… Just stop it.
[inhales sharply]
Nigga. I can't believe
you thought this bullshit would work.
But it's over. [coughing]
That's right.
I got you.
[chuckling]
[laughing]
I got yo ass.
[guffawing]
[coughing]
[chuckling] I got yo ass.
[breathes deeply]
[cell phone ringing]
Shit.
Hello.
You still upset?
What do you think?
[tsks] Look. don't worry
about my brother. man.
Charles. that's easy for you to say.
Look. I'mma talk to him.
Don't do that. Please don't do that.
-It'll just make it worse.
-Nah. I can fix it. I promise you.
-I'm telling you--
-Charles. just don't do that.
All right. so what you gonna do?
I don't know what I'm gonna do.
I'mma do somethin'.
Something like what?
Something to keep him off my back.
and something to make him leave me alone.
That's what I'm gonna do.
Don't count on it.
You should let me handle it.
I'm telling you.
Charles. what the…
I… I just told you. do not do anything.
Leave it alone. Let me take care of it.
Okay. Okay. fine. I'm headed to the club.
Of course you're headed to the club.
Listen. don't hate
'cause I'm living out loud. all right?
I'm not hating
'cause you living out loud. I'm hating…
[sighs] Um…
I'm hating because. uh…
I'm hating because you know I love you…
and you don't give a shit.
No. not really.
Charles…
[knocking on door]
-[Mallory] Varney.
-Oh. is that Mallory?
Oh. shit. Shit. I gotta go.
No. no. don't hang up.
-I gotta go. Got to go.
-No. don't hang up--
Hey.
Hello. Varney.
Mallory.
[sighs]
-[exhales] So I see you're working late.
-Yeah.
I missed most of my day dealing
with all this drama and this marriage.
-[chuckles] Tell me about it.
-Yeah.
[inhales deeply]
How are you feelin'?
Feeling good.
That looks like the will.
I see you have it.
-It is. [sighs]
-Yeah.
You find anything?
I've been going over it. and… [sighs]
…trying to make sure
I didn't miss anything.
You didn't miss anything.
Well…
[Varney sighs]
Why don't we go to dinner? Come on.
-Oh. Mallory. listen. I--
-That's not a request.
[scoffs] I have a lot of work to finish.
-I got some things over here--
-Including taking me to dinner.
Come on. I don't have a driver.
You can drive me.
[exhales sharply] What about the. uh…
What about the driver
that's out in the lobby waiting on you?
What driver out in the lobby?
That's a non-factor.
Come on. let's go.
You know. if… if you…
you give me a rain check.
I promise I'll take you
wherever you need to go later.
I'm hungry. Let's go.
[Varney sighs]
What you think? [chuckles]
-You look good.
-Thank you. girl.
How you feel?
I feel good.
No pain or anything?
Mm-mm. Not really.
That's good.
Yeah. They took good care of me
in the hospital.
-They really did.
-Mm.
-[exhales]
-I can't believe this.
Me either.
Don't start.
I just find it strange
that I haven't heard from his son.
-Who. Roy?
-Yeah.
He probably scared of his damn daddy.
He is. but…
Kimmie. just…
We've been through a lot. right?
I know you used to running all the time.
but can we just enjoy this moment?
It's hard with my sister here.
She's fine.
[tender music playing]
You know. my mama ain't called once
to check on her?
And she knows she's missing.
[Rain exhales deeply]
You know how your mama is.
[music continues]
Rain. I need you to help me
to get Sylvie out of here.
-What?
-She can't stay here.
What you mean?
Since she took her early exit exam.
I want her to go to college
so she can be in a dorm
away from all this shit.
You sure about that?
Yes.
You know she's not safe here.
-I don't know. Kimmie--
-Yes. you do. Rain.
Kimmie. we just got here.
Nah. for real. Man--
Stop with the bullshit. okay?
We don't have to do that.
Put your hood bitch back on.
You know what this is.
It's kind of hard when you look this good.
-I'm just saying--
-Rain. I'm being serious.
Okay.
-Okay.
-Thank you.
She's fine.
I just need you to get her
to not want to stay here.
Help me.
That's not gonna be easy.
I know. but… she'll never be safe here.
I know what you mean. We can…
[sighs] have a talk. and I'll try
to convince her to go to college.
That's all I need. Thank you.
[smacks lips] We're… We're okay. though.
I hope so.
We will be.
You know. I've been thinking.
though. [exhales]
$500.000 ain't really
a whole lot of money.
What you mean?
I don't want it.
Girl. what?
-I don't.
-[chuckles]
You ain't never had
that kind of money before in your life.
Yeah. but it's yours.
I want my own.
[tsks] You know damn well you not about
to give me that money back.
I am.
'Cause I want the club.
-The club?
-Yes.
-I wanna run that shit.
-What?
But first. I need to find Daga and Body
so I can make them pay
for what they did to me.
Why would you wanna go back to that place?
For the cash. Hello?
That place bring in money.
And I know how to treat the girls.
You need to leave that shit alone.
Kimmie. I'm not like you. all right?
You smart.
You the boardroom type of bitch.
I'm a street bitch.
I want that club.
Well. it's not even Horace's.
But it can be.
-Just make 'em give it to you.
-Make who?
Jules?
[scoffs] That's who
I really wanna get at. Mr. Jules.
I don't know about all that. Rain.
Kimmie. just think about it. all right?
I'll think about it.
-[sighs]
-But change out of that. Let's go eat.
Mm-mm.
I'm going out.
Where you trying to go?
To the club.
Rain!
Bitch. I've been cooped up
in that hospital.
I'm trying to go out and have a good time.
You know what? You grown. Whatever.
Yeah. I wanna see what's going on there.
-And don't act like you ain't curious.
-I'm not.
All right. well. can I take Alex
to drive me there? You need him?
Yeah. you can take him.
I'm getting my hair done.
Apparently. when you rich.
they come to the house.
[laughing] Okay. period.
But I do hope he got Angel out of jail.
Yeah.
I wonder what they make to eat here.
[Rain] Mm.
[door closes]
-[Charles humming]
-[exhales smoke]
[bugs chirring]
Why the hell you walking into my house?
Didn't you just walk into mine?
And the Lord knows
I wish I hadn't. [scoffs]
Well. you did.
[Roy sighs]
Let me ask you somethin'.
You always do.
How long that been going on?
Why?
It's just… I just… I don't know. I just…
I've been trying to wrap my mind
around it. I just don't get it. you know?
-It's just…
-Say it.
He a big. musclehead.
gorilla-looking nigga. and just…
you.
-I don't get it.
-It's sexy. ain't it?
-Hell no.
-Whew.
-You should try it. I mean--
Don't ever talk to your brother like that.
You see. thou protest too much.
What's that even mean?
[tense music playing]
All that money in boarding school.
you ain't learn shit
but how to do drugs and whores.
And what you learn. how to bang dudes?
-Oh. no. I learned that before then.
-See. you nasty. Nasty.
See. I understand now
why Daddy really can't stand yo ass.
[Charles] Hm.
Yeah. well. that makes two of you.
[groans]
What's the matter?
You don't wanna smoke it?
Shit. not after where your lips been.
So let me get this straight.
You can bang 10. 20. 30.000 whores.
plus you… you married. right?
And it's a problem
if I bang one dude. or a couple?
-Hey. look. why you even here?
-[exhales]
Mm. it's just to make your life suck.
Nigga. my life sucked
since the day you was born.
Well. there's never enough of that.
You are disgusting. you know that?
Are you annoyed?
You fucking right. I am.
Then my work here is almost done.
[sighs] Good thing I got a cigarette.
[scoffs] You're fucking nasty.
Roy. you need to leave
Attorney Varney alone.
[laughs]
Oh. shit. you serious.
[chuckles] And what you gonna do? Hm?
You gonna protect your big-ass girlfriend?
Don't tell me… Please don't tell me
you fell in love with the nigga.
Niggas like you fall in love?
Roy. I'm trying to protect you.
-Protect me?
-Mm-hmm.
Me? [laughing]
You funny as shit.
You need to know that family members
can't kill out here.
But there's nothing in that will
that says he can't.
I wish that motherfucker would.
And what he gonna do?
What… What. scratch my eyeballs out?
He prissy-hissy?
What he gonna do? [chuckling]
You niggas really funny.
I'm telling you. Roy. he has a mean streak
that'll blow your mind.
Little brother. I am not scared
of no nigga that bangs dudes.
Just ain't in me. you know?
[inhales deeply]
Okay. Roy.
but don't say I didn't try to warn you.
And don't say I didn't warn you
not to bring his ass back around here.
You got that?
Have a good night. Roy.
Talking about I'm scared of that bitch.
Man. you stupid as hell.
Sure.
It's gonna be all right. little bro.
Tell her I said hi.
[chuckling]
-[tires screeching]
-[engine starts]
[horn honks]
[sinister music playing]
[Jules sighs. clears throat]
He knows.
I know.
No. no. Horace knows everything.
-We talked about that.
-Yeah.
[sighs]
That fat sucker's gotta go.
[sighs] I'm on it.
-I'mma take care of it myself.
-What is up with this family?
How… Why does everybody
always wanna get their hands dirty?
-Man. I… I need this one.
-Why. Norman?
Look. man. that sucker
is fucking with my shares.
Maybe…
Maybe call him.
maybe have a nice little conversation.
I'm not taking the chance
that I'mma get blindsided.
[Jules] Hm.
What's your plan?
Does he have any evidence on me?
No.
-You're sure?
-Positive.
See. you don't know him.
Very simple dude.
Tells his wife everything.
You think she knows?
Absolutely.
He goes and gets a little bit on the side.
he goes straight home and tells his wife.
Like a little bitch.
Well. he was the only one
that would work with us.
Yeah. I got it.
Norman.
Yeah?
Can't be messy.
It won't be.
Norman. all you do is loud and messy.
I got it. man.
Remember. he's still a judge.
[scoffs]
All right.
[sighs]
[engine starts]
[horses neighing]
[dogs barking]
-Good evening.
-You're taking me out.
I'm sorry?
[slowly] You are taking me out.
I'm here for Kimmie.
Who?
Mrs. Bellarie.
Right.
She's staying in.
you're taking me to the club.
-Okay. but I have to stay for--
-Japanigga.
I already don't like nor trust you.
Please do not test me.
You do know where the club is. right?
-Yes. I do.
-I thought you forgot that too.
Open this motherfucking door
and take me to the club.
Yes. ma'am.
Thank you.
Konnichiwa. bitch.
[Alex] Mm.
[exhales sharply]
[engine starts]
[rap music playing on stereo]
[scoffs] You know. you're on the Internet.
What?
Yeah. your marriage.
-Really?
-Yeah.
And it's got all these comments too.
I bet. [exhales]
Mrs. Bellarie.
-Mr. Bellarie's on the line for you.
-Thank you.
Yeah.
Hello?
-Hi.
-[Kimmie] Hey.
How are you?
I've had better days.
I'm sure.
Did you get Angel out yet?
I'm… [sighs]
I'm working on it.
Now I know why he's not calling me back.
Yeah. Maybe.
I wanna talk to him.
-He's not up.
-I wanna talk to him.
Sylvie would like to speak with you.
Kimmie.
Just… Just for a sec.
I'm really not up to it. Kimmie.
Here she is.
Shit.
Hey. it's Sylvie.
[sighs] Hi.
Okay. so how are you feelin'?
[shuddering] Not the best.
[hesitating] I'm…
I'm sorry. but I… I really need
to talk to your sister.
Okay. but I gotta tell you
about this place I found online.
Look. they say they have great success
taking care of people with cancer.
And look. it's in Thailand.
-They also have another place in Italy.
-Oh. okay. great.
Okay. so I'll send you the information?
Okay. okay. um…
Can… Can I talk to your sister now?
Yeah. yeah.
but you're gonna read it. right?
Um. Kimmie will give you my number.
Okay. great.
He said for you to send me his number
so I can send him the information.
Okay.
Hello?
-Kimmie.
-[Kimmie] Yeah.
Look. I… [exhales]
I need you to come see me in the morning.
Okay. I can do that.
There's a lot we need to go over
so you can be ready.
All right. I'll be there.
Okay. um…
Uh. I gotta go now.
Okay. And when Angel gets out.
I'll make sure he comes too. all right?
Yeah.
[inhales deeply]
You do that.
Okay. bye.
You hear me talking to you?
[upbeat ambient music playing]
Don't think you are all that shit.
'Cause you ain't.
I could get another one…
You're not eating much.
Yeah. well. I'm not hungry.
Does this have anything to do with Roy?
I don't know. should it?
He told me.
I see.
But I didn't believe him.
-Good.
-Until I saw that look on your face.
-Mallory--
-So you and Charles…
-Mallory.
-Varney. what… [spluttering]
Normally. I get this type of shit right.
let me tell you.
Like. I… I thought about it.
and then… then I was like. nah.
Mm-mm. I said no. But you know what?
What got me was when I asked you
to go get a suit for Charles.
Right? Because we all thought he died.
You had a key to his house.
And I caught it right then.
the sadness in your eyes. Varney.
when I told you Charles had died.
Mallory. first of all.
I've worked for this family a long time.
And I needed a key.
-Access to--
-Oh. quit it. Quit it.
You're married to Roy. so I don't come
in your house. But Charles. you know…
And we all thought he'd died.
All right.
And I was as sad as…
I should be for someone that
I worked with and watched for so long.
-Mm-hmm.
-And known.
Watched what?
You need to quit it. [chuckles]
Okay? Because the tears
you were crying was like.
"That was my honey pookie child.
love of my life."
-Mallory--
-That wasn't a normal cry.
-Okay?
-Mallory.
-You need to quit that.
-[sighs]
Don't know who you lying to.
-I don't know what you're talking about.
-You know.
[chuckling] Shit.
I just feel great about it. I mean…
You do?
I feel fantastic.
Let me tell you why. Varney.
Because when I hit on you.
when I asked you to fuck me.
and you were like. "No."
I thought something was wrong with me.
And I never feel that way.
I never get turned down.
-So when you said no. I thought…
-[chuckling]
…maybe I was getting old or something.
Come to find out. the D don't pick the P.
[chuckling]
[Varney scoffs]
Why do you look so uncomfortable. Varney?
-Well. because I am.
-Why?
Varney. if you are gay. be gay.
Shit. what's wrong with that?
It's not that. I don't care about that.
I work for your family.
And your father-in-law… Come on.
He's homophobic.
and he says it all the time.
I know. No. that I know. He's homophobic.
Well. if you know that. then you know that
that's what makes it strange.
-[sighs]
-Okay? That makes me uncomfortable. so--
I… Okay. I… I get it.
He's very homophobic. I get that.
But you have to feel good
that you're out now. no? I mean…
[splutters] What do you mean. "out now"?
-You're out.
-Mallory.
First of all. it's nothin' about
being out. but I'm not out.
-Okay?
-How are you not out?
-Well. the family doesn't know. so good.
-Oh. come on. now.
you know. uh. it's a matter of time
that Roy tells the whole family.
He's probably telling them right now.
You know my husband.
He's truly an asshole.
Can I ask you a question?
Why are you with him?
Love. darling.
I see.
Nah. you really believe that bullshit?
I'm with that nigga for the money.
And only the money.
Well…
he's gonna make my life hell
until I figure out a way to help him.
Help him do what?
He wants me to help him
take Kimmie out of the will.
And that's impossible.
Well…
Attorney Varney…
the way you get a devil off your ass
is to be a bigger devil.
As long as you been around this family.
you should know that by now.
You know what? I need to get laid.
Ah. don't even…
[chuckles] Don't even worry about that.
I'm never making that mistake again.
Good.
I just…
I just need to get laid discreetly.
-[chuckles]
-Understandable.
Never mind.
Shit. I'll figure it out myself.
[bugs chirring]
[knocking on door]
[foreboding music playing]
I wonder who that could be.
I'm not expecting anyone. Are you?
I'm not.
Let's see.
[knocking on door]
[suspenseful music playing]
Norman. Hey.
May I come in?
[Harold] Yeah. yeah. yeah. sure.
Come on in.
[door closes]
Gloria.
Norman. So good to see you.
You look great.
Thank you.
I'm so sorry to hear about your wife.
Yeah. thank you. Um…
Well. we were just having dinner.
Can I add a plate for you?
-No. no. I just came to--
-[Gloria] No. mm-mm. uh.
I insist.
Go ahead. Have a seat.
Thank you.
Uh. you know. I need to go get
another place setting.
[Harold chuckles nervously]
So. um…
is everything okay?
Yeah.
You sure?
[inhales deeply]
No.
I just left Horace.
He's not doing well.
I'm so sorry to hear that.
-He said that you had a lot to say.
-I didn't say anything!
Uh. keep… Keep your voice down. man.
Listen. Norman.
I didn't say anything. man.
Well. that's good.
[inhales sharply] So…
I have one question.
What's that?
Is there anything that would create
a paper trail back to me?
No. I swear.
What about to you?
No. Nothing.
[shuddering] I made sure
I was very careful. man.
-That can mess with my shares.
-I know. man.
We talked about that.
So you know
I wouldn't have made any mistakes.
Horace doesn't seem to think so.
No. man. You know better.
Are you sure?
I swear.
-Why are you so nervous?
-[chuckles nervously]
You… You… You know me. [chuckles]
[chuckling]
Yeah.
You… You trust me. right?
[exhales sharply]
Do you know what I learned about trust?
What's that?
It's not who I trust…
it's about who you trust.
Norman. she doesn't know anything.
[tense music playing]
Hey. let's eat.
[shuddering]
Norman. I promise you. man.
She doesn't know anything.
It smells great in here. [chuckles]
[upbeat ambient music playing]
Well. hello.
Miss Olivia.
This looks intense.
What's that?
The conversation.
[Mallory] Oh. no. it's not tense at all.
[Olivia] Are you sure?
Yes.
Hm. I see.
[Mallory] Who was the young man
you were with up there?
Well. not that it's any of your business.
but he's one that I'm fucking. dear.
Oh.
Move over.
So. you.
Yes. ma'am.
I wanna know what you're doing
to try to help this family.
Well. I'm doing all that I can
to be sure and try to help--
No. no. no. no.
I'm talking about the marriage.
Ma'am?
You set it up.
The marriage. the judge. the witnesses.
You set them up to be there.
He asked me to do it. ma'am.
[chuckling] And you just ran and did it.
Did you ever think.
"Hm. maybe I shouldn't have done that"?
I was following orders. ma'am.
Do you always follow orders?
In this case. yeah.
Well. here's one for you.
[slowly] Go fuck yourself.
Miss Olivia. that's my wine.
And how much have you had to drink?
You know. you're just so full
of so many damn questions.
I'm grown. bitch.
Surely you are.
but perhaps we can see you home?
[Olivia chuckling]
I want you to look over there.
Now. you see that fine.
young motherfucker over there? [chuckles]
Now. you see. he's seeing me home.
Thank you very much.
[snickers]
Bitch.
Well. I guess she told me.
-[laughing] Shit. she told both of us.
-My wine and everything.
["Take Me Away" by Blackhand
playing on stereo]
♪ I go to sleep at night… ♪
Why you keep looking back here?
No reason.
There gotta be a reason.
I just wanna know
why you're going back there.
That ain't none of your business.
Well. I mean.
I know how hard you and Kimmie…
I mean. Mrs. Bellarie.
…worked hard to get out of there.
You ain't do nothing to help us. so…
You know I was in my own situation.
I ain't see you on the stage.
Jules has levels.
I was muscle 'cause of my background.
And what's your background?
I'm a weapons specialist. martial artist.
That kind of thing
got me on the police force.
Yeah. okay.
Look. I didn't choose
to do any of this. all right?
What you want. an applause. a cookie?
No.
I want your help.
from you and Kimmie. all right?
Why would we help you?
'Cause y'all out.
How you figure that?
When I saw Mr. Bellarie come in there
and get Kimmie and Angel.
Jules was scared shitless.
How you know?
I was there. I saw it.
Okay.
But you know he's really sick. right?
We know that.
So you're gonna need someone
to watch y'alls back.
We got each other.
I mean somebody like me.
that can do what I do.
What. somebody who's playing both sides
and the middle? [scoffs]
I'm only playing one.
And what side is that?
[sighs] The side that gets me. my mom.
and my brother up out of here.
I don't want them hurt.
I don't want anything to happen to them.
So I'm just doing what I gotta do.
How much you owe him?
He's got me in for $200.000.
[laughs]
That nigga be coming up
with some bullshit.
Look. I promise you.
if y'all put me on. I'll be there.
Your promises are worthless.
just like them cheap-ass shoes you got on.
That's 'cause you don't know me yet.
Yep.
[cell phone ringing]
[clears throat]
This is Officer Alex.
Where you at. man?
I'm in the car.
[Trackson] You with Kimmie?
No. I'm by myself.
Man. I wish
they'd have told me to drive her.
I'mma fuck that bitch up
for what she did to me.
[Alex] Yeah.
And that Rain bitch.
I want her all to myself.
[Trackson] What'd she do?
She just be on that shit sometimes.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
I'm in it. I get it. man.
You with that fake-ass
booty bitch right now?
No. speaking of. where's that girl
that does all that fake booty shit?
Why? Why? You trying to get one?
[tsks] Man. come on now.
You know where she's at?
Uh. no. You trying
to get one on your dick.
You want a nigga dick. huh? [laughs]
Yo. get out of here with that.
Do you know where she's at or not?
No. no. but I can find out.
Yeah. do that.
[scoffs] I'm glad she fucked up Rain.
[Trackson] Yeah. and a bunch
of other bitches too. I'm sure.
Anyway. uh. guess what.
[Alex] What?
That nigga Angel is dead.
[tense music playing]
What?
Yeah. Yeah. I got to call to cap him.
Why?
Shit. Jules gave me a call. He said
it came from Mr. Bellarie so I did it.
[Alex] Damn. that's… That's crazy.
Uh. you sure he's dead?
Nigga. I don't miss. Come on.
[Alex] Yeah. yeah. you're right.
Yeah. man. a whole bunch of others
got hit too. but… [inhales]
Anyway. uh. you still with that bitch?
Yeah. I'm with both of them.
Look. uh. Jules got me
looking after the club. so come by here.
Yeah. I'll let you know if I can make it.
All right. all right.
Angel's dead?
-Where's Angel Jr.?
-Why in the fuck are you in my house?
Well. you have to listen to me. okay?
-You broke the door.
-We're in trouble.
-We have to get out of here.
-What?
-When?
-Where's the baby?
-What the hell is wrong with you?
-Damn it. Yolanda!
Uh. I'm calling my brothers
to kick yo ass out.
We have to get out of here!
I'm calling them right now.
-Yolanda. where the fuck--
-You just broke the damn door!
-Where the fuck is my son?
-Hello?
Yeah. Angel's here. He broke the door.
and he's screaming like he's crazy.
-Yeah. okay. hurry up.
-Yeah. call them niggas.
-'cause you gonna need help.
-Go back and be with that bitch!
-Gosh. Where's my charger?
-Get the fuck out. Angel!
Listen to me. okay?
They're coming to kill you and Angel Jr.
See? You be on that bullshit.
Gosh. Yolanda.
for once. just listen to me.
-I'm not listening to shit.
-They're coming to kill you!
-Just tell me where he is.
-I'm not telling you shit.
You don't pay for nothing.
so I'm not telling you nothing.
Damn it. Yolanda. What the fuck?
-You better get out of here!
-They're coming!
-Well. I'll be here.
-Yolanda. God. just fucking listen to me.
-Bye!
-I… I mean. is he at the sitter's?
-Bye. bye. bye!
-Yolanda--
-Is he at the fucking sitter's? Shit!
-Bye! Bye!
-Get out!
-Fuck!
-Where's my--
Where's my son?
[neighbor] Hey. yo.
-What?
-They called the cops.
Good. get 'em here!
-All right.
-Get the police here right fucking now!
Yo. man. hey. real quick.
Can I use your… Can I use your phone?
-Like a charger or something?
-Yes. hold on. Wait here.
-I'mma get it. all right?
-Okay. Hurry up. please.
[neighbor hesitates] All right.
Shit!
[door opens]
[door closes]
Well. Norman. it was so good to see you.
It was good to see you too. Gloria.
-Now. you come by at any time. okay?
-Well. thank you.
You sure I can't help you with the dishes?
Oh. no. we've got it.
That's the kind of thing that Harold and I
like to do in the evenings together.
-Oh.
-[Olivia chuckles]
[chuckles] Y'all like
to do dishes together.
That's so nice.
Well. after being married
for so many years.
you just learn how to enjoy
the little things in life.
Yes. I see.
-Well. thank you. Thank you.
-Okay. See you soon.
-Good to see you.
-Take care. Bye-bye.
Hey. man. thanks for coming by.
Hey. no need to thank me.
And. um. thank you for understanding.
Yeah. I just wanted to make sure
that we got everything wrapped up tight.
One hundred percent.
It's locked down tight.
Oh. good.
Yeah.
-So why are you so nervous. man? Hm?
-[chuckles nervously]
You know me. Mr. Worrywart.
-[chuckling] Yeah.
-Just. uh. taking precautions. that's all.
Yeah. I do know you. [chuckles]
Yeah.
All right.
-Good to see you.
-Same here.
-Yeah.
-Right.
-Take care.
-Thank you. You too.
[tense music playing]
[bugs chirring]
[dog barking]
[engine starts]
Oh. Is… Is Norman gone already?
He is.
Baby. I… I think he forgot his box.
Box?
[somber music playing]
["BNB" by OG Stevo playing]
♪ I'm still in a ghetto like I'm Peezy
They never stood a chance ♪
♪ Rule one. when you hit that lick
Leave that phone at home ♪
♪ Sometimes I hate talking to my bitch
'Cause she go on and on ♪
♪ Telling me. "Babe. why you hitting licks
Please. you need to stop" ♪
♪ I been fucked up on my ass
I'm tryna get it knocked ♪
♪ Plus. I know that this a easy lick
'Cause I been through the spot ♪
♪ One nigga in the front. one in the back
And there's two in the spot ♪
♪ I don't care if it's a lady in there
They all getting dropped ♪
♪ Ain't no way in hell you think
I'm stopping if I see the cops ♪
♪ Hey. I'm gon' call up Tang and Von
Like. "Aye. I got a plan" ♪
♪ If we do this right
Then we each walk away with 50 bands ♪
♪ We gon' wait till night
When niggas high ♪
♪ Sleep off drinking Xans ♪
♪ Them niggas really playing with P's
There's more than 50 strands ♪
♪ I'm still in a ghetto like I'm Peezy
They never stood a chance ♪
♪ I'm trynna stand over a nigga
Until they're fully jam ♪
♪ I'm sure you heard of B&E's
We leave everyone deceased ♪
♪ Bro play with them numbs
So we been in and out of BNB's ♪
♪ I don't need no mask for this
I don't care who see my face ♪
♪ 'Cause this the last that they gon' see
Before them pearly gates ♪
♪ Von come through the back
I'm through the front. Tang right behind ♪
♪ Soon as they search a nigga
Point the Drac-y at his spine ♪
♪ Soon as we all get inside ♪
-♪ Uh-huh ♪
-♪ Don't nobody move ♪
♪ Nigga tried to reach right for that fire
So I up and shoot ♪
♪ Show me where y'all keep the products
And I'm gon' let y'all loose ♪
♪ Soon as as he open up the safe
All you hear is "Boom!" ♪
♪ Hey. T and V. grab everything
Quick. we gotta move ♪
♪ We either leave or go to jail
It ain't hard to choose ♪
♪ We bailed in the car
And put the bags right in the back ♪
♪ And before we heard them sirens
We done been tossed out the straps ♪
♪ But T say he gon' keep his
I swear folks be tripping ♪
♪ He say he rather go upstate
Than toss the Smith & Wesson ♪
♪ As long as the nigga get away
I guess I can't complain ♪
♪ I'm gon' take my 50 to the hood
And split it with the gang ♪
♪ Rule one. when you hit that lick
Leave that phone at home ♪
♪ Sometimes I hate talking to my bitch
'Cause she go on and on ♪
♪ Telling me. "Babe. why you hitting licks
Please. you need to stop" ♪
♪ I been fucked up on my ass
I'm tryna get it knocked ♪
♪ Plus. I know that this a easy lick
'Cause I been through the spot ♪
♪ One nigga in the front. one in the back
And there's two in the spot ♪
♪ I don't care if it's a lady in there
They all getting dropped ♪
♪ Ain't no way in hell
You think I'm stopping if I see the cops ♪
♪ Oh. oh ♪
♪ Skrrt. skrrt. skrrt ♪
[speaking indistinctly]
[music fades]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm